uh Scotty Bowman you know you know one
of the greatest coaches in sports
history what can you say about him that
hasn't already been said 9 Stanley Cups
was he my favorite coach I don't think
so
I had this guy in youth hockey but he
was really something yeah well you
stayed for me like well he was more than
just a coach he was really a teacher you
play like the GIMP you like patting him
on the legs he go let's go there wasn't
really a practice that went by that I
didn't learn something new and useful
the guy was all about growth mental
physical I need a spiritual and you will
know my name is the Lord when I lay my
vengeance upon thee
there's some coaches out there who who
are you know the tyranny of evil man I
tried myself to just be a shepherd and
most no maintain an air cool you know
clearly I took some inspiration from
coach tools but that was a long time ago
I guess you could say I just don't groom
groom me
that ungrateful son of a bitch couldn't
even spell hockey before he met me
Jules when I feel bad the kind of cool
to see him again
the next time I see him I'm gonna take
Lord Stanley's Cup and shove it right
off his candy ass
I should call him anytime any